[dagster-dbt] Remove `--use-dbt-project` flag from docs (#23263)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/content/integrations/dbt/reference.mdx

When deploying your Dagster project to production, **we recommend generating the manifest at build time** to avoid the overhead of recompiling your dbt project every time your Dagster code is executed. A `manifest.json` should be precompiled and included in the Python package for your Dagster code.

The easiest way to handle the creation of your manifest file is to use <PyObject object="DbtProject" module="dagster_dbt" />.

> In the Dagster project created by the [`dagster-dbt project scaffold`](/\_apidocs/libraries/dagster-dbt#dagster-dbt-project-scaffold) command, the creation of your manifest is handled at runtime during development:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Dagster project created by the [`dagster-dbt project scaffold`](/\_apidocs/libraries/dagster-dbt#dagster-dbt-project-scaffold) command, the creation of your manifest is handled at run time during development:
```

In production, a precompiled manifest should be used. Using <PyObject object="DbtProject" module="dagster_dbt" />, the manifest can be created at build time by running the [`dagster-dbt project prepare-and-package`](/\_apidocs/libraries/dagster-dbt#dagster-dbt-project-prepare-and-package) command in your CI/CD workflow. For more information, see the [Deploying a Dagster project with a dbt project](#deploying-a-dagster-project-with-a-dbt-project) section.

</TabItem>

> <TabItem name="Option 2 (legacy): Using DbtCliResource">

Author: Keeping this section for users using the `DbtCliResource` strategy in their code. 

I'm open to remove it and share a previous version of the docs to users if they have questions.

Thoughts?

Reviewer: We should get rid of it so we're not promoting two ways of doing the same thing. Also, this will steer more folks to using `DbtProject` to battle test it.

Author: Updated in [9f73d9f](https://github.com/dagster-io/dagster/pull/23263/commits/9f73d9f4ca8ef2149cf5b825597e3cf4ae714b37). I've also updated the "Deploying a Dagster project with a dbt project" section to remove `DbtCliResource` as an option.
